Documentation/readme (#173)
adevinta/spark-ios: README.md

# Spark-iOS
## Introduction

> Spark is the [Adevinta](https://www.adevinta.com/) ’s iOS Design System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spark is [Adevinta’s](https://www.adevinta.com/) Design System.
```

Its mission is to provide an easy to use, customizable UI experience for consumers.

## More Details In Wiki
[Spark Wiki Page](https://github.com/adevinta/spark-ios/wiki)

Also, you can find design specifications and tech information for supported platforms by Adevinta on [zeroheight](https://zeroheight.com/1186e1705/p/25ae4e-spark/b/86bb5c).

## Getting Started
### Installation 
Carthage: `github "adevinta/spark-ios" == 0.6.1`

#### Plug & Play 

> If you want the easy to use Spark, we provide a Plug & Play solution containing a single Theme ready to be used. For that, import Spark.xcframework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want the easy-to-use Spark, a Plug & Play solution containing a single Theme is provided and ready to be used. For that, import Spark.xcframework
```
